hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I'm going to
show you how to make a classic Italian
appetizer five calamari
they're quick they're delicious they're
crispy they're so addicting I'm going to
show you how easy they really are let's
do it so here's your need all purpose
flour salt and pepper your calamari
which are clean and cut into little
rings make sure they're thought-out if
you're frozen make sure they're
thought-out and pat dry and that's about
it you're going to need hot oil you're
gonna heat vegetable oil now I had an
electric fryer if you don't have one of
these what you can do is you can take a
large pot and you can fill it up with
about two to three inches of vegetable
oil and with a candy thermometer just
check it mixture is 375 degrees now here
is my little um this is so quick this is
like the quickest recipe you can
possibly make it literally takes like
five minutes
but here's my little trick to doing it
to making this perfect every time
now I'm taking some of this flour okay
I'm going to take about half of it cuz
I'm going to do this in two batches okay
so because you probably wondering why do
you have a sit there in a bowl well
you'll see telling you makes my life a
lot easier
season it like so now I make five cowboy
a bunch of different ways um I want to
recently went on a mini vacation with my
husband to Boston and we went to this
little cafe I think was called Cheers
cafe oh they have five camera now
everywhere I go if I see four I can I
have to order it think it's addicting um
so he ordered it and it was so different
I had like fried peppers in it fried
sweet and hot peppers in it and a cold
bed crust
it was delicious I never had it that way
before so I came home so experimenting
got it down to a tea and it was
delicious but this is like your your
simple sort of Italian classic salt
pepper calamari so that's what I'm going
to show you I'm going to take half the
cowboy this into
I have a lawyer over here never layer on
top I'm going to take this first layer
this makes life a lot easier just so you
know because it makes mixing you know
all the flour all the way through the
calamari perfectly okay a little hot
easier step take this first layer so
there's no air in your bag and like so
that's what you want distributing there
we go now
I do this rusev much easier good to go
in there with my hands
okay shake off all the extra flour
mm-hmm
I just know dinner is gonna be good okay
now and your basket and then they go oh
yeah take three to five minutes a good
nice golden brown crunchy and crispy all
the way around first back in when it
comes out put it on the paper
towel-lined plate this soaks up all the
oil the oil and I'm gonna get gone with
the second batch
he's almost done now if your oil is very
clean look if it's the first time you
use the oil you'll see that a warm turn
they won't turn a little brown
brown--color be just lightly golden but
that's what you want because I mean the
oil is clean but they are still very
crispy on a paper towel-lined plate and
immediately you want to sprinkle these
with salt now here we go
put these on a pretty platter put your
bowl sauce right next to just like so
couple of them in watches when you're
done there did you have it to get this
recipe guys check out my website
www.levitt.com and I see you next time
bye bye
you